---
layout: deliverable
title: "D-5. Digital Project Representation"
category: deliverables
---

The teams shall submit renderings, photographs, graphics, and/or animations representing the competition prototype design and competition entry for use on the China website and in outreach materials generated by the organizers. High quality and varied submissions are expected to lead to greater visibility for the team. This submission can include renderings, photography of scale models or mock-ups, refined graphics, computer-generated walkthroughs, 360-degree virtual tours, or other representations as determined by the team. The organizers will select a subset of submitted documentation for public distribution.

##### _Format Requirements_

- Packaged into a single, zipped file. If elements are hosted online, a link shall be included in the submission.
- Photographs shall be at least 1080 pixels in their shortest dimension and shall be accompanied by a file containing the name and affiliation of the photographer or graphic creator and identification of any individuals visible.
- Videos, if submitted, shall be widescreen format and accompanied by documentation including a verbatim transcript of the audio narrative to meet Section 508 Accessibility standards and identification of the creator and any individuals visible in the video. Closed captioning does not need to be included within the video file. Permission must be provided for any copyrighted content or audio used as part of the video.

##### _Content Requirements_

- Minimum of five images, with at least one exterior, one interior, and one birds-eye view
- Photographs shall be at least 1080 pixels in their shortest dimension and shall be accompanied by a file containing the name and affiliation of the photographer or graphic creator and identification of any individuals visible
- Videos, if submitted, shall be widescreen format and accompanied by documentation including a verbatim transcript of the audio narrative to meet Section 508 Accessibility standards and identification of the creator and any individuals visible in the video. Closed captioning does not need to be included within the video file. Permission must be provided for any copyrighted content or audio used as part of the video.

---

Files shall be submitted to <a href="mailto:support@sdchina.org.cn">support@sdchina.org.cn</a> or shared via Dropbox/百度网盘.